okay so my first finals is against
Applejack 1085 what the fuck apple jack
what an asshole oh it's a Saget
delightful just fucking the life will
Saget let's see if any good horses kick
ming-lee beats my ball look it's pattern
setting it was with two days
you stupid scrub you have no energy you
cannot block the block of balls haha
instead you lick the block above yes
here we go now it's getting hot in here
yeah yeah oh no blocking loud not in
this game bitch counting it
Oh getting that corner where you belong
scrub Oh on you through me it's not
allowed that bullshit nope look for you
it's for you oh oh we're gonna do I'm
gonna do oh oh you lose you fucking
Saget scrub ah ha ha ha ha I slap you I
would let me slap him ok where you
fucking scrubby online pattern players
you all suck balls hahaha bitch bitch
who's the bitch he's the bitch I'm him
yo whatcha second battle what does that
mean the last one last match was the
finals oh I thought that was a finals or
whatever scrub